Afio12327@gmail.com's Account
Back to Domains
Overview

Recents

AI Crawl Control

Investigate

Analytics

DNS

Email

SSL/TLS

Security
Access

Speed

Caching
Workers Routes

Rules
Error Pages
Network

Traffic
Web3

Manage account

mution.tech


free
Help us make Cloudflare even better for your domain and others like it. 
Share your feedback

Overview

mution.tech
Monitor and configure how Cloudflare processes your web traffic with the services in the menu.

Review Cloudflare fundamentals
Your domain is now protected by Cloudflare
Your web traffic is proxying through Cloudflare, meaning:

Your website or app loads faster with caching, speed, and traffic services
Attacks and bots are mitigated by security products
Data is encrypted with SSL/TLS
You can customize how HTTP traffic is handled with rules and Workers Routes
Not sure where to start? Follow our 
learning path
Your traffic data will show under Analytics & Logs once available.

Next steps
Go to 
DNS
 to verify your existing records and configure proxy status.

Use 
SSL/TLS
 to manage certificates. We will issue you a free universal SSL certificate to cover your root domain (example.com) and first-level subdomains (www.example.com, blog.example.com, etc.).

Automatic SSL/TLS regularly scans your origin to set an encryption mode that suits your setup, in case you uploaded a new certificate or changed your TLS settings. Next scan: Jul 17, 2026.

Add tag
Quick start guide

Hide
Your website or app is now behind Cloudflare. Requests to mution.tech come to Cloudflare first, so we can stop attacks and speed up your web traffic.
Get more out of your Free plan

Several features are on by default, including CDN/caching, DDoS protection, SSL/TLS, and WAF. Explore other features included in your plan below and in the menu.
These features are generally low risk, but we recommend reviewing the documentation (look for the ) for limitations and edge cases. If you notice any issues, deactivate one feature at a time to troubleshoot.
Security
Performance
Activate one-click features that mitigate threats we find in your traffic. Find more options under Security.
Feature
Activate?
Client-side security


Ensure the safety and privacy of your visitors by monitoring third-party scripts, connections, and cookies loaded in web browsers.
Bot Fight Mode


Challenge known bots that may carry out attacks. Defend against threats like content scraping, click fraud, and credential stuffing by challenging simple bots with known traffic signatures.
Leaked credentials mitigation

Turn on leaked credentials detection and deploy a rate limiting rule to meter the number of requests from IP addresses attempting to use leaked or stolen passwords for 10 seconds.
Customize and test your configuration

Monitor traffic and threats

Get notified

DNS
DNS Setup:
Full
DNS Records
Manage AI bot access
Block AI training bots

Deploys a Cloudflare-managed rule to block bots that we categorize as AI training crawlers from visiting your site.
Block only on pages with ads
See the list of bots and learn more
Manage your robots.txt
Set how Cloudflare manages your robots.txt file, which tells bots and crawlers how they should interact with your site.
Set your preference to block training in robots.txt
Learn more
Quick Actions
Markdown for Agents
Pro plan
Automatically convert HTML to Markdown for requests that use content negotiation headers (Accept: text/markdown)
About Markdown for Agents


Upgrade plan
About Markdown for Agents
Under Attack Mode
Show visitors a non-interactive challenge when they visit your site.
About Under Attack Mode

Development Mode
Temporarily bypass our cache. See changes to your origin server in realtime.
About Development Mode


Run speed test

Configure caching
Domain Registration
Registrar:
Unknown (TucowsRadix-dotserve)

Transfer to Cloudflare
Active Subscriptions
Billing
Processing
Free plan
Support Resources
Documentation

Community

API
Zone ID
91373f84ba9f47fcbfba2786eb055957
Account ID
80c695f5903e9905b67624af10e13f95
Get your API token
API documentation
Advanced Actions
Pause Cloudflare
Remove from Cloudflare
Support
System status
Careers
Terms of Use
Report Security Issues
Privacy Policy
A blue and white pill with a checkmark and an x, representing privacy choicesCookie Preferences
© 2026 Cloudflare, Inc.
